# 202008

## 20200824(Mon)
There were two good things that happened.\
The first one is passing the first process, resume screening of Ebay software engineer position.\
Second is my total asset passed $20k. I've been here many times, so it should be important not to lose anymore.
### Investment Problems
The real problem with my investments were two, first was not the amount, but the rightward decisions to make. The decisions were incorrect because I was too much in my internal thoughts mainly, and I didn't admit that I was wrong.\
The big change is as follows :
1. I have learned that I might be wrong. The gurus are also wrong. It's not important that you are not wrong, it's important how you react to a wrong decision.\
2. I have learned that my thoughts are just thoughts, not physical representations of the real world. I was too much inside my own thoughts mainly; now I know that I don't know everything and is ready to learn.\
Someone once said Knowing what you don't know is the beginning, I guess I'm at the beginning of life.\
I stopped to imagine and started to accept the realities.\
### To be a professional
I also decided to be a professional in Software Engineering. I maybe was on the track, but it's my first time to actually wish to become a programmer. I always was dreaming, designing what to make. But now I know that everything is difficult, and actually programming is quite a good match with me.\
The problems that I have is my memories flush fast, so I need a better way to organize and catch up things when I need to.
